hey guys it's Emmaline so today I'm
gonna teach you how to make cotton candy
cupcakes and I'm so excited about these
you guys probably saw my picture on
Instagram and Twitter I keep tweeting
about it I'm so excited and they came
out so good literally tastes like you're
eating a giant cupcake full of cotton
candy and when I was baking them my
house smell like a cotton candy slash
cupcake factory it was amazing so I
think you guys would really like these
cupcakes so if you want to learn how to
make them too just keep watching so to
start off we will be needing a vanilla
cake as our base so you guys can either
make this or you guys can use a white
cake box mix and I will have the link
down below for all of the ingredients so
I'm just taking the cotton candy and
shredding it up and then adding it into
our mixture and then once we need to
begin to mix it it will all kind of
dissolve in and if don't be worried if
you do see like little clumps of cotton
candy in it because it will melt in the
oven and it will come out smooth in the
end
so since our cupcake mix is still white
I'm just adding a few drops of red food
dye to it to make it pink now we can
just take an ice cream scoop and begin
to scoop our batter into our cupcake
liners and once again I'm using paper
cupcake liners that I use I think in
every video and these ones I got from TJ
Maxx but you guys can also order them
from Etsy and you can just put them in
the oven on a cookie sheet and you don't
need any cupcake tins or anything like
that it's super easy to use so I highly
recommend these and we can bake them for
18 to 20 minutes at 350 degrees so now
for the frosting I'm just going to begin
by adding one and a half sticks of
butter and I know I don't have one and
half sticks of butter here but I ended
up adding another half a stick because
it just made the recipe taste better and
we're also going to be adding four cups
of confectioner's sugar so you just want
to add a little bit at a time and then
begin to blend it and once that is all
blended we can take one cup of cotton
candy and now I'm gonna be adding in
five tablespoons of heavy cream to it
and this will help to dissolve the
cotton candy so as you guys can see when
I'm adding it it kind of just melts the
cotton candy down a little bit so we can
just take a whisk and keep whisking this
together until it is formed in a liquid
and it may seem a little clumpy but if
you just keep whisking it it will turn
out great
so now I'm just taking our cotton candy
mixture and adding it into it the rest
of our frosting that we've made before
and we can also add in half a teaspoon
of vanilla once you have this we can
feed it up again and we will have our
frosting so I didn't add any food
coloring to this because mine was
already pink so depending on what type
of cotton candy you use it will be that
color and I'm just using a plain piping
bag for this and just piping it onto the
cupcakes now when I was at Rite Aid I
saw these cotton tail cotton candy balls
and I thought that they were going to be
actual balls of cotton candy but they
weren't it was kind of just all mashed
in together so I just formed them into
little balls and put them on top of each
cupcake and I think it came out super
cute
so you hope you guys enjoy learning how
to make these cotton candy cupcakes and
if you guys do decide to make them send
you a picture to my Twitter or Instagram
because I would love to see them so I
hope you guys are all having an amazing
day and I'll talk to you next time bye